can I ask you something oh yeah shoot
I'll clean that later did you know Helen
I mean it looked like you were crying
today death is very sad but you didn't
even know her well you don't have to
know someone to feel sad for called
empathy empathy empathy the sympathetic
vibrations of to human being yeah I know
that's okay I didn't know what it means
either so I looked it up see every day
when I'm shaving
how can you empathy with someone you've
never met
I didn't have to meet AC I just looked
at a picture on the casket I know I knew
she lived alone I knew she had these
dreams that weren't quite enough to keep
a heart beating so she kept she kept it
going by putting a bottle of Four Roses
under her pillow every night nobody knew
about vodka you know you should got
yourself a crystal ball and one of those
turbans you'd make a lot more money than
you know I'm no fortune-teller I just
tell it the way I see it she had that
look you know my mother had that look
our whole life while she was alive
disappointed
I need a blood sausage and hash brown no
no what are you doing she's just asking
me out I am NOT asking I am NOT asking
you out oh I'm sorry I'm interrupting
you know what you're slicing the turkey
too thin oh that's okay I'll wait
[Music]